----bearish candle understanding--
1)bearish candle meaning
What Is a Bearish Engulfing Pattern? Example Charts Help ...A bearish candlestick 
pattern is a visual representation on a price chart that indicates a potential price decline or downward trend in an asset. It's formed by the arrangement of the candle's open, close, high, and low prices. 
Here are some things to know about bearish candlestick patterns: 
Bearish candle color
A bearish candle is red and indicates a close below an open. 
Bearish candle meaning
A bearish candle pattern can indicate that the market is weakening, selling off, or there is increased supply. 
Bearish candle use
Traders use bearish candlestick patterns to predict when the market might turn negative or bearish. They often use these patterns to decide when to sell or avoid buying. 
Bearish candle examples
The three black crows candlestick pattern and the bearish engulfing pattern are ex amples of bearish candlestick patterns.

 2)bearish candle understanding
Bearish candlestick patterns help in detecting the downtrend in the stock. It helps the bears of the market in short sell their stocks at a high price and again buy it at low prices. Though candlestick chart patterns play a great role in technical analysis, traders need to learn them thoroughly.2 Aug 2023

 3)How do you read a bearish candle?
The bearish pattern is called the 'falling three methods'. It is formed of a long red body, followed by three small green bodies, and another red body – the green candles are all contained within the range of the bearish bodies. It shows traders that the bulls do not have enough strength to reverse the trend.

 What is a bearish engulfing candle?
Bearish Engulfing Pattern: Definition and Example of How To Use
The engulfing bearish candle indicates that the sellers have not only entered the market but have done so with enough force to overshadow the previous candle's gains. 2. Fear now sets in. For those holding long positions, the bearish engulfing candle could prompt some to sell and exit their positions.